Kit to KitOps naming convention fix. (#259)
jozu-ai/kitops: README.md

### Features

* 🎁 **[Unified packaging](https://kitops.ml/docs/modelkit/intro.html):** A ModelKit package includes models, datasets, configurations, and code. Add as much or as little as your project needs.

> * 🏭 **[Versioning](https://kitops.ml/docs/cli/cli-reference.html#kit-tag):** Each Modelis tagged so everyone knows which dataset and model work together.
> * 🤖 **[Automation](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-kit-cli):** Pack or unpack a Modellocally or as part of your CI/CD workflow for testing, integration, or deployment.
> * 🔒 **[Tamper-proofing](https://kitops.ml/docs/modelkit/spec.html):** Each Modelpackage includes a SHA digest for itself, and every artifact it holds.

Reviewer: Looks like there's some find-replace errors
```suggestion
* 🏭 **[Versioning](https://kitops.ml/docs/cli/cli-reference.html#kit-tag):** Each ModelKit is tagged so everyone knows which dataset and model work together.
* 🤖 **[Automation](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-kit-cli):** Pack or unpack a ModelKit locally or as part of your CI/CD workflow for testing, integration, or deployment.
* 🔒 **[Tamper-proofing](https://kitops.ml/docs/modelkit/spec.html):** Each ModelKit package includes a SHA digest for itself, and every artifact it holds.
```

Author: Hmm. that's really odd, I did it all manually looking for other spelling errors vs a find-replace.
